[Music]
jontron
yeah hi I'm calling about the
Thanksgiving turkey order this season
yeah well the first of many problems is
it doesn't appear to be a turkey at all
yeah this thing's still alive and
kicking all right he's walking around
doing its business like it's got a
report to file on Monday
no no you'll be careful with that well
that's my priceless vaguely adult
Macaulay Culkin head bust oh that's just
wonderful and what exactly am I supposed
to worship now yeah I don't know what
you expect me to do deal with this
myself
I can't deal with something myself come
on this is America yeah of course I got
the brick what are you talking about oh
[Music]
dang with me you found horse friend Oh
what you don't like it huh come on they
are starving equine out there this
Thanksgiving you should know better
really I don't know how I feel about
this feast quiet you you're just jealous
is a new cute critter in the house all
right and I ain't talking about myself
definitely not objectively I was rated
number one ugliest man in the privacy of
his own house
by what is the point of this magazine
what a blessed Thanksgiving oh my god is
a horse in my house maybe Thanksgiving
is a little gruesome after all I think
we need something to wash over these
hard facts of life with you know like a
big old clown what slaughterhouses look
at the clown look at the Hamburglar you
stole the chicken nuggets ha ha it
always comes back to entertainment since
the dawn of time companies have been
trying to find the most insidious of
ways to get in between your brains folds
to lay an idea that'll hatch one day an
idea you probably thought was yours but
actually it was this guy's well you
really want this guy coming up with your
ideas it looks like you own slaves so
that's why when video games hit the
scene in the early eighties companies
were all over it
just shelling out money indiscriminately
to plaster their mugs all over the place
wherever they could oh my god so greedy
so soulless it stands to taint the
holiday never really come on
Thanksgiving is about being thankful and
grateful for all the wonderful amenities
we have in the US of A and at the end of
the day what's more American than food
entertainment and commercialism all
rolled right into one tight package it's
beautiful
one of the earliest examples of
advertising and games as Burger Kings
very own whopper chase for c64 that's
right a full 19 years before the king
creeped out the world by storm strangely
this game is Spain only it was also
programmed by Jesus many a long workday
was had by Jesus you could hear him
typing away typing away in his Nazareth
mud hut it stars you as the whopper
shooting your leftover mayonnaise supply
out at various creeps that I can only
assume want to take a bite out of you
because you're so goddamn delicious why
is the chef and enemy here
a little late dude throwing knives isn't
gonna do much now what are these things
is that a pickle is that tomato or Apple
what reason would they have to attack me
there's not much to this game and it
certainly doesn't make me want to buy a
whopper nice try guys but I'm not that
easily fooled some companies even tried
to package the game with the product
probably the most famous example being
Chex quest a doom clone involving green
goo and a television remote control good
job on this one guys okay but let's cut
the crap and be honest we're all really
here for the 53 hours of America online
that's the real [__] baby give it to me
and of course we can't forget the second
greatest serial hit Cap'n Crunch is
crunch lling Adventure I don't know
about this guy Captain Crunch he doesn't
strike me as being a very responsible
person putting grody ass CDs and
children's cereal and come on this guy
is always bursting through walls and
[__] who's gonna pay for that
what are you the captain up what's your
rank
we get started you need to choose the
crunch Ling you will raise and train
yes captain which one of these mighty
strong slave creatures should I purchase
with my sack of crunch shekels which one
will scream the least when I bite his
succulent head on the next screen you'll
give your crunch ling a name you want me
to name it well I don't want to get too
attached to the poor thing just put his
name is not applicable blast them with
some colored piss and we'll be on our
way you're gonna raise the best crunch
Ling at whatever crunch Ling's need lots
of praise as well as plenty of Cap'n
Crunch cereal
yeah lots of Captain Crunch to keep
their bones from developing you wouldn't
want it to be you know quick too quick
and nimble so they can escape this
little dungeon you keep them in okay
let's see here what do I pull on this
that's all you do you just feed them
Captain Crunch that falls from the
ceiling when you pull a lever what is
this a Quaker Oats wet dream this game
is really weird
you're just the caretaker of this crunch
Ling monster it's got a food and
happiness neighbor which you can raise
by feeding it one of three types of
Captain Crunch cereal and tickling it
I'm not sure what the end goal is here I
assume to train it for a gladiatorial
crunch Ling event where it will attempt
to bathe in the blood of its rivals as
seen here by the three training stats of
speed jumping and strength in the first
minigame you throw rocks and other rocks
while dinosaur in the background
perpetually forgets why it's standing
there wow this is a lot of hard work I
wonder how much training we got out of
that hold on let me just see here let's
just get a little closer that's all the
progress I made that tiny tip of a
goddamn tick walking around on crutches
and [__] about to expire an early death
from polio how many times am I expected
to play that minigames I level the stat
up you'd better win a lifetime supply of
Captain Crunch for beating this anything
could happen in this crazy place but it
always happens backwards you're going to
race against this turtle on your
skateboard taco madness is this
Wow truly crazy place it's so crazy it
even has a roller coaster in the
background this game is complete
[__] you're supposed to beat the
turtle but he's just like the most
immaculate racer of all times if you hit
anything even one thing you can't
recover so what I mess up once the
turtles [__] gone he's just out of
there what can I say
the captain he expects perfection that's
nice captain but oh that time you [__]
up and your cereal was just all berries
huh I still bought that [__] I didn't
criticize you for it even gave it a
sarcastic name how soon we forget
also for some reason there's a Gatorade
ad inside this ad very effective but not
all companies were so sneaky about this
some tried to sell you their own
advertising outright
take for example Yoshinoya four PS - is
this a video game or their restaurants
smallest branch yes I'd like one beef
ball and a small coke please I would
have ordered large but I am to believe
you do not carry that size here it's a
japan-only game and the goal is to play
as a minimum wage worker at a Yoshinoya
beef bowl branch really could I have at
least been the boss how is this even
supposed to make me want to buy more
Yoshinoya the game's not even free you
have to buy it
mash square to pay off your student
loans now those are all great but I'm
sure what all you want to see is how a
true Titan of a company would market
their game and you will not be
disappointed oh yeah I'm talking clouds
okay clowns everywhere I've got to say I
don't know how they've gotten away with
using a clown as their mascot for so
long because Ronald McDonald does not
make me want to eat a hamburger he makes
me want to call the police come on ain't
you hungry ain't you hungry yet first
let's look at Mik kids for the NES huh
is it Mik kids or MC kids this is the
80s anything was possible
the game starts off with two kids
reading a story in a tent Ronald
what's going on with you dude you need a
haircut of some the facelift something's
off with you go get it fixed please was
showing off his magic bag at a picnic in
the meadow when all of a sudden I don't
think you have to finish this story I
have a feeling I already know how it
ends
Ronald come on tuck away the magic bag
back in your pants all right nobody
needs to see that take your meds help
help
the Hamburglar has run off with my magic
bag please help us get it back but get
it yourself you creep would you look at
yourself you're a hunched-over grown man
clown asking a child to help you get
your bag back back off
search the levels of my Clubhouse and
retrieve at least four of my puzzle
cards
Ronald what are you 46 you can't go
around telling kids to scavenge through
your Clubhouse this game is now
promoting children helping strangers and
then going into said strangers private
abode for the promise of a trade of a
tasty hamburger I don't see anything
wrong with that of you don't if you come
back to my house with four cards I will
show you how to get two birdies house
it's Bernie one of your back room girls
Ronald when's the last time she seen her
parents huh yes
twisted clown it's so bizarre isn't it
that games used to be used for marketing
purposes like this it fell out of style
because it clearly doesn't work it's - I
don't know heavy-handed I mean get real
already we're not sheep I mean it's not
as if this game would make me want to
order a delicious McDonald's hamburger
which has the perfect blend of crispy
lettuce meaty tomatoes a patty sizzle to
perfection and all topped off with one
and perfectly crunchy pickle that's
ridiculous I'm two steps ahead of you
McDonald's are your mug games aren't
gonna work on me there can you pass the
ketchup I think you can't have a burger
without ketchup
okay first level Ronald's clubhouse the
clubhouse might want to work on that
name this one is a direct ripoff of
mario world in terms of its assets and
structure but not so much the gameplay
itself that's pretty weird considering
this was a high-profile commercial
production ok beat that level got that
one got that one and we're good moving
on
what's going on I can't seem to move on
to the next world is this all there is
oh that's right I gotta get Ronald's
dirty cards to advance but I can't find
them shouldn't they be easier to find
given that this is the first level what
about this one up here I don't know how
I'm supposed to get it am I supposed to
throw a block at it no that didn't do it
ah maybe if I stack this block here and
okay I'll go get another one
bring it back okay the other ones going
whatever this game sucks Oh what is that
about I touch 1 4 9 thing in the level
sends me all the way back I could have
gone out and bought another game and the
time it took that to transpire then we
have Nick and Matt global gladiators for
the Sega Genesis other than the random
Golden Arches paste it everywhere I'm
not really sure about the relation of
McDonald's on this one what that's a
hell of a soundtrack to start us off so
as always the scene is set at the local
McDonald's branch two kids who I'm
assuming are Mick and Mack respectively
are seated at the table reading about
what they call global gladiators who
apparently they want to become yeah
being a gladiator would be a blast
are you ready I'm not sure actually I
feel like you're putting words in my
mouth yeah oh so you admit it
hey guys if you're looking for a blast
how about this
what have you done run they were my
children you're gonna throw these kids
into a gladiator world because what they
were thinking about it every kid says he
wants to be an astronaut what he gonna
do throw him into space you know I could
have bought 10 of these Ronald but I
only went with four cuz I'm not
supporting your reckless habits okay
turns out I bought 15 but my point is
you're a real monster I don't agree with
your ethics like I said the only
McDonald's branding on the whole thing
is just the M in the corner McDonald's
corporate must have just really liked
this game also the game is very enthused
to be paused and what a sound effect the
gameplay on this is actually way cooler
than you'd expect if you took the
McDonald's branding off it you'd have a
legitimate game here okay another one
for Genesis what am I even looking at
here mcdonald's treasureland adventure
weird that's some batshit fruity [__]
there I wasn't even aware Ronald
McDonald had magic this is official it
looks like a romhack that's so wrong hey
maybe you could have saved up some of
that fairy dust to help cheer all the
early onset type 2 diabetes' you helped
create yes eat mcdonald em real human
and not faceless robot corporation m
have real feelings too okay one last
mcdonald's game to show you donald no
magical world for game gear ronald is
always cheerful and happy oh is that
what that emotion is but a strange
incident happened one day it all started
when grimace found a strange-looking box
I'm surprised grimace got out of bed
this day he's looking pretty checked out
when did you find that box asks Ronald
the deadness on his eyes piercing
grimaces heart it's going to explode
isn't it first off grimace a bit late
there
now get out of my face you're inviting
me to enjoy the magical world but what
if I don't want to can you find the exit
have a nice trip
what are you jigsaw there's not even for
sure and exit in there yeah good luck
finding your way out hope there's not
too much broken glass in there
what's with this trend of McDonald's
games and people being thrown into
magical worlds against their will
it's sadistic perhaps it's an allegory
for our own lack of ability to resist
the tasty confections of our fast-food
overlords our biological drive to
endlessly dine on the sultry and salty
goodness of a perfectly cooked burger
well I think we're more than that
personally I mean we have more than just
a base drive as a species I mean I'd
like to think of us as a dignified and
food grimbo bring me more full sunny is
hungry sunny is hungry so curses buh-bye
okay okay go get it
good-good Grimble Grimble lives another
day
[Music]
hmm well what happened like I blacked
out for some time there what is this
food yeah could be this episode was
sponsored by the awesome people at
crunchyroll crunchyroll is a
true-to-life premium anime streaming
experience you can't get better ad free
1080p professionally subtitled and
episodes going up as soon as one hour
after they air in Japan hot damn that's
fast please do yourself a favor and go
to crunchyroll.com slash jontron or just
click the link in the description to
grab your free 30-day trial now come on
that translates to like 30 days of
Mobile Suit Gundam iron blooded orphans
let me tell you those are some orphans
you don't with I'm scared of those
orphan so I hope you all enjoy
crunchyroll as much as I do
see ya and thanks for watching